README.md, before:

# King of the Urbies

All these Duels by the Scion of Toppletiff Holdings has raised the ire of some very ornary hombres. One duel too many, one insult too many and the New Jackels have had enough of his bragging.
But, is everything as it seems?  

This is a Flashpoint of epic proportions. Maybe not in length but the 'Mechs certainly are.

# The following HBS Battletech content is required  

1. Battletech Game v1.9.1
2. Flashpoint DLC
3. Urban Warfare DLC
4. Heavy Metal DLC

The ShadowHawk DLC is optional

# Installation prerequisites

There are 3 folders and the installation is designed to only Add to the contents of the /Mods folder. The main dependant Mods listed Mod are not included in this installation pack. The Mods listed below will need to be independantly downloaded and installed.  

The Flashpoint is dependant upon the following Mods:

1. XAI
2. XAI Battle Pack 3025
3. ExtentededConversations 0.44
4. MissionControl 1.5.1

and Optionally Dependant on
 
1. ColourfulFlashpoints

## Installation scenarios
There is a different installation file depending on the version of ModTek you are using. Please make sure you use the correct installation pack, otherwise the Flashpoint will not load.

### ModTek versions up to 0.8.0
The installation archive will be named XAI-FP-Scorpion-80 and will contain the following folders

  1.ColourfulFlashpoints    
  2.MissionControl    
  3.XAI FP Scorpion 80 - this is the Flashpoint folder
  
Install by unzipping directly into    
[your installation game drive]/Steam/Steamapps/Common/Battletech/Mods directory. The folders in the archive file contain only files to support the Flashpoint. 

### ModTek versions 3.0.3 and up
The current installation has been successfully tested on 3.0.3 and 3.0.5.

The installation archive will be named XAI-ScorpionsNest-ReleaseEdition and will contain the following folders

1.ColourfulFlashpoints     
2.MissionControl    
3.XAI Flashpoints

Install by unzipping directly into    
[your game installation drive]/Steam/Steamapps/Common/Battletech/Mods directory.     
The folders in the archive file contain only files to support the Flashpoint.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# King of the Urbies

All these Duels by the Scion of Toppletiff Holdings has raised the ire of some very ornary hombres. One duel too many, one insult too many and the New Jackels have had enough of his bragging.
But, is everything as it seems?  

This is a Flashpoint of epic proportions. Maybe not in length but the 'Mechs certainly are.

# The following HBS Battletech content is required  

1. Battletech Game v1.9.1
2. Flashpoint DLC
3. Urban Warfare DLC
4. Heavy Metal DLC

The ShadowHawk DLC is optional

# Installation prerequisites

You will need to have successfully completed the HeadHunting Flashpoint as this Flashpoint contains links and references to the Headhunting Flashpoint. 

There are 3 folders and the installation is designed to only Add to the contents of the /Mods folder. The main dependant Mods listed Mod are not included in this installation pack. The Mods listed below will need to be independantly downloaded and installed.  

The Flashpoint is dependent upon the following Mods:

1. XAI 
2. XAI Battle Pack 3025
3. ModTek Minimum Version 2.0.7. The Flashpoint has been successfully developed and tested up to verssion 3.1.11
4. ExtentededConversations 0.44(installed with XAI)
5. MissionControl 1.5.1 (installed with XAI)

and Optionally Dependant on
 
1. ColourfulFlashpoints (installed with XAI)

# IMPORTANT 

## Make sure you have the latest version of XAI - Currently 2.16 Dated 23 Dec 2022

Support will be dependent upon youhaving the correct Versions of the above Mods.


# Installation Directions

The installation archive will be named XAI-KOTU-[Version or Release] - currently XAI-KOTU-2.0.1-PreRelease. The Archive will contain the following folders

  1. ColourfulFlashpoints    
  2. MissionControl    
  3. XAI Flashpoints - this contains a Flashpoint - King of the Urbies subfolder.
 
# Install Directions

1. Locate your game installation. For Steam  
[your installation game drive]/Steam/Steamapps/Common/Battletech/Mods directory. 
2. Install by unzipping directly into    
[your game installation drive]/Steam/Steamapps/Common/Battletech/Mods directory.
The folders in the archive file contain only files to support the Flashpoint. No Dll's are contained in the Archive. The folder structure within the archive file will ensure the files contained end up in their correct directories.

Please do not change the contents of the installation folder unless under guidance by the Flashpoint Authors.
